Hi Ismael,

No problems. I don't have skype set up on my computer. Email is fine but we need to chat I can log into Windows Live Messenger.

You can find all the psd files here (225MB):

www.thatretailcompany.com.au/TRCWebsitePSDs.zip

the corresponding jpg files are zipped separately here:

www.thatretailcompany.com.au/TRCWebsiteJPGs.zip

Alternatively you can get them through ftp. The ftp details are:

FTP Host Address: ftp.tppinternet.com.au
//OLD-Username: thth32448
//OLD-Password: qb6cIQPf6

Username: thth32448	
Password: qb6cIQPf5

Port: 21
Filename of the Default Index Document: index.html

http://tpp.com.au/

Username: CL-57017
Password: TurkishCoffee

If you are going to build it straight to thatretailcompany.com.au, it would be great if you can password protect it or create a test folder or something so that people won't see the website at "thatretailcompany.com.au" before it is finished.

Please note:

- button hoverstates in the psd files are in a seperate layer or folder above the normal state
- The background tile for grey grid content area has already been created. It is 40px x 40px in the layer named "40px tile" (or any 40x40px area of the background should tile seamlessly)
- font for the website is Play Bold which is a google font (attached). 

You've probably guessed by now that I'm a designer so let me know if anything is missing from the psd files that you need.

If you have any questions or need anything else please let me know. It's very late here in Sydney (2:30am) so I will be back in about 10 hours or so if you need anything else.

Thanks,
Alex


Alexandra Eather  |  Freelance Designer

P  0414 012 173
E  alexandrae@hotmail.com
W www.alexandrae.com


From: coralblue79@gmail.com
To: alexandrae@hotmail.com
Subject: Scriptlance Project confirmation email
Date: Mon, 25 Jun 2012 13:33:25 -0300

Hi, I just accepted your bid. 

No, what I meant was that I was waiting to pick your bid. I was clicking send on that that message when I got confirmation that you had just done that. You don't need to do anything else. I'm sending you an email right now. 

I have to work as quickly and effectively as I can to make the deadline, so if you wouldn't mind passing me your hosting and ftp account info so I can have it on hand. Even though I have my own remote server, I ask for this now because I may need to to test against my own server for any discrepancies. This is as much for cross-browsing purposes as it is for cross-server. In any event, you don't have to provide it now but sometime during the course of the project I may need it. 

You can contact me on Skype: coralblue79

If you prefer to use another Messenger program, let me know, I have Adium, MSN, yahoo. 

Also regarding your wish to contact through email... of course, all email messages will be sent directly to you on this email. 

Ismael Rivera
coralblue79@gmail.com



